
  1. Every page has canonical pointing to the homepage — site-wide disaster

  This is the most serious technical SEO issue on the site. Without exception,
  every page checked has:
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://trade-engine.co.uk/" />

  That includes:
  - /features → canonicals to /
  - /blog → canonicals to /
  - /blog/how-to-quote-landscaping-jobs-without-site-visits → canonicals to /
  - /landscaping-estimating-software-london → canonicals to /
  - /landscaping-estimating-software-manchester → canonicals to /

  You have 100+ location pages and multiple blog posts that Google is being told
   are all duplicates of the homepage. None of them can rank. This needs to be
  fixed immediately — it's likely why the location pages and blog posts have no
  organic visibility.

  Fix: Every page needs its own self-referencing canonical. E.g.:
  - /blog/how-to-quote-landscaping-jobs... → canonical = that full URL
  - /landscaping-estimating-software-london → canonical = that full URL
  This is almost certainly a site-wide template error where the canonical is
  hardcoded to / rather than dynamically generated.

  2. Meta descriptions are identical across all pages

  Every single page uses the homepage meta description verbatim:
  ▎ "AI-powered white-label websites for landscaping businesses. Instant quotes
  in 15 seconds, photorealistic garden designs, and 24/7 automated follow-ups.
  Plans from £199/month."

  Features page, blog index, blog posts, every location page — all identical.
  Google shows this in SERPs and will display auto-generated snippets instead,
  which are typically weaker. Each page needs a unique, targeted description.

  ---
  Moderate Issues

  3. Location pages are near-duplicate at massive scale

  100+ city pages (London, Manchester, Birmingham, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Belfast,
  Cardif, etc.) with near-identical content. London (1,050 words) and Manchester
   (1,033 words) have the same H2 structure with only the city name swapped. At
  this scale, Google is very likely to deindex the majority or treat them as a
  soft 404-equivalent quality signal.

  Fix for TE vs PL: Unlike PL where you know the local territory, TE's location
  pages need a different angle. Each city page should include: local landscaping
   market context (e.g. London's density problem, Manchester's garden type mix),
   any landscaping trade associations or bodies in that region, and genuinely
  city-specific CTAs. Alternatively, consolidate to 10–15 major cities with rich
   content rather than 100+ thin ones.

  4. Blog posts have no visible author or publish date in the DOM

  The post how-to-quote-landscaping-jobs-without-site-visits has 2,399 words and
   strong, experience-led content ("after six years in the industry") but
  there's no author byline, no publish date visible in the HTML. The schema has
  BlogPosting but Google relies on on-page signals for E-E-A-T.

  Fix: Add Lewis's name, date, and a short bio to every post. The first-person
  voice already in the posts is a huge asset — surface it properly.

  5. H1 doesn't target any real search query

  Current H1: "Quote-First Website Engine for Landscaping Businesses"

  "Quote-first website engine" is an invented phrase with zero search volume.
  The H1 should target what prospects actually search — something like "AI
  Quoting Software for Landscaping Businesses" or "Landscaping Business Software
   — AI Quotes & Garden Design".

  6. No OG image set on homepage

  ogImage: null — when the Trade Engine site is shared on social media, there's
  no preview image. Given how much social outreach is in the plan, this needs
  fixing.

  7. Duplicate SoftwareApplication schema on location pages

  The London location page has two SoftwareApplication schemas — one from the
  global template, one injected at page level. This is redundant and can confuse
   parsers.

  8. Only 2 blog posts

  The sitemap lists only 2 blog posts and the blog index has 180 words of
  content. Both posts are high quality (2,399 words each) but you need volume
  too. The PL blog has 10 posts targeting consumer queries — TE needs a parallel
   B2B content programme targeting trade queries: "how to get more landscaping
  leads", "landscaping CRM comparison", "best quoting software for landscapers
  UK", etc.

  9. Supabase demo link on homepage (same as PL)

  Same exposed Supabase URL with thedigitaltailorsdxb@gmail.com in the path.
  Swap this for a production demo link with a clean path.

  ---
  Minor Issues

  - /api/ disallowed in robots.txt ✓ — but also verify no critical JS/CSS assets
   are being inadvertently blocked
  - Direct Stripe checkout links on homepage — no conversion tracking through
  the site. Consider routing through a /checkout or /plans/[plan] page so you
  can track intent signals in analytics before the Stripe handoff
  - Blog changefreq: yearly on blog posts — change to monthly so Google recrawls
   for freshness signals
  - LinkedIn missing from social links — trade-engine.co.uk has Facebook,
  Instagram, YouTube in the schema. LinkedIn is the right channel for B2B SaaS.
  Add it.
